Update documentation, including for upcoming "2SV Recovery" revisions (#315)
silinternational/ssp-base: README.md

The `loggerClass` parameter specifies the name of a PSR-3 compatible class that
can be autoloaded, to use as the logger within the module.

##### New "Recovery Contacts" Feature (COMING SOON)

The `recoveryContacts*` parameters allow you to call an API to retrieve a list

> of recovery contacts who should be offered when the user requests help with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of recovery contact addresses which should be offered when the user requests help with
```
Sounded strange to my ear saying that the contacts would be offered. Unless you had Romans 12:1-2 in mind. :)
